one particular time where I had a disagreement with the people that I
was leading. Um, and how to handle that situation was when it came to
a working hours. So I had just moved into a new command. I had taken
leadership of this new division. They were all instructors. And,
uh, prior to their previous leader, they're, you know, they're major.
Focus was time off, like they were under the impression that this
assure duty is supposed to work as less as possible. And they really
didn't care about how their people's careers were progressing. So I
came into that situation and realize that more than half of those individuals
in there we're still lacking on certain qualifications or
certain milestones that they should have already hit, having been at
that command for as long as they had. And so I kind of put out that.
Listen, things are gonna change a little bit this time of you getting
out of here by noon every day since you don't have a class in session,
you know is going away until you can show me that you've achieved
this particular qualification that you're least working towards
it and making an admirable effort. Working hours are gonna be what
set by the commanding officer as 8 to 4. And we got into a pretty heated
discussion and argument about that. There's people that were very
adamant that things shouldn't change. We should be able to do what
we want to do and leave when we need to. And I tried to explain to
them that Listen, in the long run, you know, you're probably gonna
thank me for this even after you leave the command. You're not gonna
quite understand what I'm getting at, but understand that there is
a method to my madness. And the whole point of that was that it not
only is going to increase your personal and professional development
is gonna enhance your career, but we're also improving the commands
mission writing this because the more people that we have qualified
as, say, master training specialists and that's going to improve our
commands, mission readiness, we're gonna have a lot more effective
training that's gonna reciprocate down to the people that we are training
here on a daily and weekly basis. And then ultimately you're
gonna look back and be glad that you got disqualification because of
the opportunities you're gonna have, not only in the service, but
when you get out. And so after that, he'd discussion, eventually got
the buy in. People started to work on those qualifications. They got
them done. And then we were able to go back to having kind of a flexible
working hours because everyone was where they needed to be with
their milestones and qualifications. But it was an incredible challenge,
and it tested my fortitude on being very direct and not budging
on with the rest of the group wanted to do which was, you know,
maintain the status quo.